TODO

		1. Comment out the draw step for the grid and use the script in this video instead to draw our grid.
			https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yl-PXAa2Ivk
	
		2. Spawn the boss at a specific location in the code instead of dropping it in room editer. Review the code tutorial, should be easy from there.

		3. Create a player when the room is created.
			a. Create a warrior
			b. Create a Mage
			c. Create a Prist

		4. Need an offset of 1/2 cellSize in the X and Y direction for everything we put down. The grid and the mp_grid have
		to be ontop of eachother. We either need to generate everything 1/2 a step off, or generate those two things 1/2
		a step off. Sure generating them half a step off seems easy, but then I'm not sure our variables are descriptive
		and intuitive. Could create two global X and Ys, one used for the grid and one used for the spawns?
				-Ended up creating convertXGrid and convertYGrid that are helper methods only to be used when
				trying to get coordinates on a the lines of the grid. Otherwise I created myGrid_xOffset_adjusted
				and myGrid_yOffset_adjusted, which each have 1/2 a cell added to the offset and then I adjusted
				the convertX and convertY methods to use the adjusted values. Since everything uses those methods
				to place things on the board, it was only one place to replace this.

		5. Have an event when you click on the player that displays the squares they can move to. 
			a. Create a semitransparent blue square sprite
			b. Create an object called validSpace and give it the semitransparent blue sprite to denote viable squares.
			c. Write a script that takes an x,y position and creates these blue squares in a loop going out from them to highlight valid spaces.
				i. The loop shouldn't go off the map.
					ia. need to make a getRightBounds() script
					ib. need to make a getTopBounds() script
					ic. need to make a getBottomBounds() script
		
6. Rather than displaying the squares on click, make a global variable to track the selected player, and show the squares after you choose to move with them
			i. Create global variable
			ii. On left click release, warrior/priest/mage all are correctly assigned as the currentlyselected unit
			iii. When you hit m (for move), it shows the squares for the currently selected unit
			iv. Need to make it so that it only shows one set of valid squares at a time. 
			a. When you click on another player, the validSpace indicators should go away.
		
		7. Need to start defining spaces as free/unfree and have that update when people move.	

		8. Have all player objects use a parent object that controls behavior etc.
		9. Create an enemy parent object to hold common code for all enemies.
		
		10. Get camera to scroll when mouse presses against border.
		
		11. Place ghetto GUI in bottom middle of screen and have it stick.
		
12. Things need to not be clickable when they are under the HUD. Change the viewport? Set up some sort of view so that nothing is under the HUD.

13. Add a button into the HUD that when you click it, prints out the message "Ability1"
